Grandpa, what's wrong with you, don't scare me
Lan Feng, I can't spare you today
Thunder! Thunder!
Go and hide
Miss Lin, your grandfather is not looking good enough.
One more to pull out
Otherwise
When are the liars still here to give me fireworks?
Miss Lin, I suggest that someone break his hands and feet
Send to vigilantism
To get revenge on me, you can really buy it.
You're so sure I'm a liar?
What did you do to my grandfather?
Do you think I'm an idiot?
No one else needs to do it today
Marry your life personally
Lin Yuner, you don't trust me so much
Trust you, see how tired my grandpa is
If his condition hadn't deteriorated to this
Today his
If you want him, try it.
Sister Lanxin cooperates for such a liar
The Lin family is not worth it
Or let my daughter kill me
Otherwise, you can't afford the anger of the Lin family
Of course not.
Who just set up the network?